tr	1	I could retire today and live happily for the rest of my life.... so long as I die by noon, thursday."
tr	0	If I had to describe myself in one word... It would be, Unable to follow instructions."
tr	0	A blind dude walks into a bar. Ouch.
tr	0	If four out of five people suffer from radiation poisoning... Does that mean the fifth one enjoys it?
tr	0	me: can i have a coke waiter: is Pepsi ok? me: ya pepsi's fine pepsi: i have a boyfriend
tr	1	7% of all hearing loss is a result of sitting in a restaurant next to a table full of women who just received dessert.
tr	1	How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
tr	1	My ex-wife still misses me... But her aim is gettin better.
tr	1	What does a man often wake with, but can never go to sleep with? An alarm, you pervert!"
tr	1	If you're behind someone at an ATM late night, let them know you're not a threat by giving them a gentle kiss on their  neck."
tr	0	What did the old maid get the vasaline for? 84 cents. Joke by my grandfather
tr	1	I'm a terrible singer, I have two left throats"
tr	1	When I hear This call is being monitored for quality assurance I think Cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job."
tr	1	Children with gay fathers as parents, I seriously sympathize you all It's not easy growing up with twice the dad jokes."
tr	0	Why do elephants have 4 feet? Because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do
tr	1	Can't believe my neighbors don't have any rum. How am I supposed to enjoy their hot tub while they're on vacation?
tr	1	Student: Teacher, can I ask you a question? Teacher: You just did."
tr	1	Why do Canadians do it doggy style? So they can both watch the hockey game.
tr	1	What do you call the retarded guy that follows the band around? The Drummer
tr	0	Kids are like farts. You don't mind your own, but others peoples are just unbearable"
tr	1	What does a sheep say after walking into a disgusting, dirty bar? Ew."
tr	1	I'd give these pigeons some bread but they'd probably just spend it on drugs.
tr	0	The world is becoming too politically correct You can't even say black paint anymore, instead you have to say Lamar can you please paint the fence."
tr	1	A guy walks into a bar and says, I'm going to shoot whoever slept with my wife! A man shouts from the back, You don't got enough bullets, bud!"
tr	1	How to get a job... Interviewer: What's your biggest weakness? Interviewee: I never learn from my mistakes Interviewer: Oh, why's that? Interviewee: I never make any"
tr	0	Is your refrigerator running? Because if it is, I might vote for it."
tr	0	Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles? Because his wife is dead.
tr	1	You know what the definition of competitive is? Finishing first *and* third in a circlejerk.
tr	1	If you pour two beers in one glass, it's just one beer."
tr	0	Learning to love yourself is important. Just don't let your wife catch you doing it.
tr	0	Did you hear they finally caught the watch thief? It was only a matter of time!
tr	0	When someone tells you to get a Life, just take theirs. They'll be happy you took their advice, and ."
tr	0	What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't ask her out again.
tr	1	Since I started dating my girlfriend a year ago I became a millionaire! 6 months ago I was a billionaire :(
tr	1	I love how people always leave voicemails when I miss their calls. It's like they want to be ignored twice.
tr	1	To spice things up in the bedroom, I have my wife dress up as a pizza boy. Then, I have her put the pizza on the counter and then leave."
tr	1	How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach? It's not hard
tr	0	Interviewer: Where were you born? Me: Missouri. I: What state are you in now? M: Apathy. I: That's not what I meant. M: I don't care.
tr	0	A Bug's Mind What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when he crashes into a windshield? His asshole.
tr	 	Instead of calling them flyover states we should call them comments section.
tr	1	It's green but when you press a button it turns red. A frog in a blender.
tr	1	Finally got around to shaving my crotch after a few years. Its nice to see my knees again.
tr	0	If I win this lottery I'd give half to charity She treated me well at the strip club
tr	1	Got disoriented and walked into the wrong classroom. Didn't want to look stupid so I just went ahead and switched majors.
tr	1	I showed my son a floppy disk today... ...he said: 'oh cool, you 3D-printed a save icon'"
tr	1	What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend? Frisbae
tr	1	I am sick and tired of women jokes!! period!
tr	0	Waiter is there soup on the menu ? No madam I wiped it off !
tr	1	I was going to grease my mechanic's hand with a $20 bill for the phenomenal job he did but ... he already overcharged me by $200.
tr	1	What's the best part of a pregnancy joke? The delivery.
tr	0	A guy walked up to my bar. He said, Can I have a stiff drink? Of course, I replied, cracking some Viagra pills into his whiskey."
tr	1	My cat just walked by me carrying a toy mouse I don't remember buying her. Women be shoppin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tr	0	What do you call a green cow in a field? Invisibull.
tr	1	You can make jokes about anything, just not mexicans That's crossing the border!"
tr	1	I found where my mom hid the scissors, so everyone in my house woke up with a new haircut this morning."
tr	0	Kids, grandma just had hip surgery so I need to warn you, she's not herself. *grandma struts in wearing skinny jeans and smoking an E-cig*"
tr	1	I am an expert at making balloon animals. May I interest you in a hyphen or a pickle?
tr	1	In China the labels read, Made by someone you know."
tr	0	Sorry, but breaking up with you on facebook was the best way of letting all your friends know I'm available."
tr	0	2 words can open up many doors in your life. Push and Pull
tr	0	Barbie comes with GI Joe She only fakes it with Ken. Saw plenty of pregnant Barbie jokes in this sub-reddit, but not this one."
tr	1	I walked in on my wife singing the other day. Surprised, I said Oh, I thought you were the radio. Flattered, she asked Did you come to listen? No, I replied, I came to turn it off."
tr	0	why is the bass player stuck outside? he doesn't know when to come in and can't find the right key anyway
tr	0	I saw my first porn yesterday I was so young back then....
tr	0	Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
tr	1	Every woman I've ever been with only saw me the way they wanted to see me... ...in their rearview mirror.
tr	0	Q. What does a woman's asshole do when she is having an orgasm? A. He is usually home with the kids!
tr	0	A little boy walked into a police station I lost my daddy says the boy. We'll look for him son, don't worry: what's he like? asked the officer. Liquor and women."
tr	1	Me: *pouts at front facing camera* Front facing camera: I have a girlfriend.
tr	1	Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.
tr	1	*experiences all five stages of grief while the waiter walks by my table with what I thought was my dinner*
tr	0	Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil? The pencil is better. It has a point.
tr	0	Girlfriend: babe it's hot I need a fan [Boyfriend starts taking pictures with her and BEGGING for autographs]
tr	1	If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country, if Clinton wins I'm leaving the country Not a political post, I just love to travel"
tr	0	Canada's navy
tr	1	My sex face is the same as my first pee in three hours face.
tr	0	What kind of cheese is made backwards? Edam.
tr	0	A man walks into a bar... He asks the barman do you serve women here? The barman replies no, sorry, you'll have to bring your own."
tr	1	He was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me
tr	1	My dog can predict when an earthquake is going to happen. But television doorbell versus actual doorbell baffles him every time.
tr	1	What do you call a witch who kills her mother and father? An orphan.
tr	1	Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine? He had nothing left to chauffeur it.
tr	0	I lost my virginity to a retarded girl last night. I wanted it to be special
tr	0	CW: The boss said she wanted to see you. Me: That's flattering, but I don't date people from work."
tr	1	I blame 2 of my 3 DUIs on Jesus because I specifically told him to take the wheel
tr	1	What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit the frog's finger
tr	1	I think the only thing a bike helmet protects you from is getting laid
tr	1	What did the car said to the valet? I've been through a lot.
tr	0	3 Old Women and a Flasher Three old women are sitting on a park bench when a man comes by and flashes them. Two of them have a stroke, and the third one couldn't reach."
tr	1	Why did a man's pet vulture not make a sound for five years? It was stuffed.
tr	0	As a kid I was forced to walk the plank... We couldn't afford a dog
tr	1	Telling my daughter garlic is good for you. Good immune system and keeps pests away.Ticks, mosquitos, vampires... men."
tr	0	It's hurts for me to say this... But I have a sore throat.
tr	1	I do not need to have a threesome... ... if I want to disappoint two people at once, I go to dinner with my parents."
tr	0	[At the coroners' to identify a body] Me: Yep. That's a body all right.
tr	0	I used to have a friend who practiced acupuncture.
tr	1	Remember before Amazon reviews when you could just buy a toothbrush without 6 hours of research?
tr	1	Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster? So we can think about a solution in silence
tr	0	[Enter restaurant] WIFE: See if you can get us a table ME: Ok [1 minute later] ME: [sprinting towards wife, carrying table] START THE CAR"
tr	1	My Parents asked me what i wanted for christmas... I said i want something to wear and something to play with. So they got me a pair of pants with the pockets cut out.
tr	1	How do you hide an elephant in a fridge? You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.
tr	1	Why did the sperm cross the road? I put on the wrong sock this morning :(
tr	1	Patron: How come this fly is swimming in my soup? Waiter: I gave you too much. It should be wading.
tr	0	Everytime you pull the trigger a bullet loses its job...HAHAHAHA! Because it gets FIRED. HAHAHA! *I'm in tears*
tr	1	There are two types of people in this world. And I hate them both.
tr	0	They say a woman's work is never done that's probably why they get paid less
tr	0	Why are normal human body temperatures around 98.7*F? Because we're all a little obtuse.
tr	0	A man goes to the vet about his dog's fleas. The vet says: 'I'm sorry, I'll have to put this dog down.' The man is incredulous and asks why. The vet says: 'Because he's far too heavy.'"
tr	0	What do black men find most shocking about sex? Tazers
tr	0	I don't understand women. I also don't understand how a car works but I still drive it.
tr	1	Cops are looking for a man who robbed a store using scissors. They say the guy could be a real danger--unless you have a rock.
tr	0	A blind guy walks into a bar... ...then a table, then a chair, then another chair..."
tr	0	My wife urged me to be more experimental in the bedroom, but I guess she wasn't expecting I'd be dissecting so many white mice."
tr	0	What do you get if you cross history and a cow? A moo-suem.
tr	0	I don't have a gf, but I do know a woman who in the car often asks where this is going so I show her the GPS & she gets mad for some reason."
tr	0	Two fish are in a tank... One is driving, and the other is manning the guns."
tr	1	What happened when the girl dressed as a spoon left the Halloween party ? No one moved. They couldn't stir without her.
tr	1	Doctor: *taps knee with mallet* feel that? Me: No Doctor: or this? *jabs toe with a pin* Me: Nah Doctor: Just as I suspected. This is my leg
tr	0	What is the most popular social media form at Hogwarts? SnapeChat
tr	0	My friend used my todo list to roll a blunt He's high on my list of priorities
tr	0	I decided today that I want to have kids I hope they taste good
tr	1	Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
tr	0	I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning."
tr	0	I want to study... the area below your curves... It is integral.
tr	0	Last night I met the girl of my dreams... Then I woke up.
tr	0	Mom writes to her son in Poland's army: Dear Son, I am writing this letter ever so slowly..... ....because I know you cannot read fast"
tr	1	Just got my Facebook account suspended for reading a full article before I shared it.
tr	0	remember: knives and alcohol don't mix. knives are solid they don't mix with anything. why where you trying to drink a knife anyways idiot
tr	1	Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.
tr	0	Sometimes I'll start talking to someone on the train, then go Oh, this is where I get off then close my eyes & stick my hand in my pants."
tr	1	I'm trying to write a poem for my girlfriend, does anyone know what rhymes with threesome?"
tr	1	What's something a kangaroo has that no other animal has? Baby kangaroos.
tr	1	I couldn't afford to take my kids to Sea World. So I took them to our local fish market, saying, Shhhh... they're all asleep."
va	1	Dad, how does it feel to have such a handsome son? I don't know son, ask your grandfather..."
va	1	I paid 10.50 for a movie ticket to watch Tom Cruise die continuously for 2 hours. I would have paid a hundred dollars to watch that.
va	0	Shout out to my self-aware friends, you know who you are"
va	1	*Guy tries giving me his phone number* Me: Oh no thank you. I already have one
va	1	You ever notice that the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it?
va	0	I got asked how I view lesbian relationships.. Apparently HD wasn't the correct answer.
va	1	Why were there only 49 contestants in the National Ebonics Beauty Pageant? Nobody wanted to wear the sash that says Idaho.
va	0	I don't always tell mom jokes But when i do, she laughs"
va	1	Bob told his wife, I can't work for him anymore after what he said to me. Wife: What did he say? Bob: You're fired"
va	1	in mexico, we don't say I love you cause we dont speak english."
va	0	Go to racist joke, what's yours? Two unemployed Irishmen walk past a police notice board with two black men wanted for rape first one says fucking niggers get all the best jobs"
va	0	Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it
va	1	I'm terrible at telling jokes... I always punch up the fuck lines
va	1	If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.
va	0	Have you ever smelled moth balls? Yes? How'd you get their little legs apart? (Courtesy of my dad. Who laughed about this for 30 minutes.)
va	1	Hey dude! Would we be considered in-laws if I slept with your wife? No... we'd be even.
va	0	[uses the restroom] Wife: make sure to put the toilet seat down Me: okay Me: [to toilet seat] you're worthless and nobody likes you
va	0	My friend asked me... My friend asked me if there was a colored printer in the library I said wtf man it's 2016 you can use whatever printer you want
va	0	First rule of thumb: Thumbs shouldn't have rules. That just makes no fucking sense.
va	1	I have a Victoria's Secret model's body!! (in my basement)
va	1	I think my professor might not know my name. He keeps on correcting it with the word Late on all my papers.
va	0	Every time a famous music composer dies... ... he starts decomposing.
va	0	Knock knock. Who's there? Benjamin. Benjamin Who? Yes, Benjamin Netanya Who."
va	1	Recent studies show that 1 out of 3 Americans weigh as much as the other 2 put together.
va	1	My son got me some very expensive cologne for Father's Day. I know it was very expensive because he used my credit card.
va	0	Is that mine? I was walking down the street when I saw black guy with a laptop. Is that mine? I thought. It looks exactly like mine... but that can't be... Mine should be at home cleaning my shoes.
va	1	Mickey Mouse Doc, my knees hurt! Doctor: Which knee? Mickey: Disney"
va	0	What the quickest way to a mans heart? Through his chest with a knife
161 te	1	Steve wrote home. 'I'm glad you named me  Steve' he said in the letter. 'Why?' asked his mother in her reply. 'Because that's what all the kids at camp call me' he wrote  back.
162 te	0	The Lord said unto John, Come forth and be awarded eternal life John came fifth and was awarded a toaster"
163 te	1	Update the Force, young Skywalker Said Adobe Wan Kenobi."
164 te	0	What is the best thing about twenty six year olds? There are twenty of them
165 te	1	A Latino shot an unarmed black man today, and everyone is in an uproar Especially the police, saying They took our jobs!"
166 te	1	The first step of any project is to grossly underestimate its complexity and difficulty.
167 te	1	Funny that when a girl sleeps with a lot of guys she's considered a slut ... but when I do it I'm gay.
168 te	1	My house is really small until I can't find my phone.
169 te	1	My girlfriend is half my size but takes up three quarters of the bed. If my math is correct, she's a bitch"
170 te	1	What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an ass? Donald Trump's tie.
171 te	0	I've been going through a really rough period at work this week It's my own fault for swapping my tampax for sand paper.
172 te	1	*nose hairs growing out of control *buys tiny scissors *jam them in the eyes of whoever I catch staring at my nose hairs
173 te	1	My condolences for you and your family through this difficult transition is why my wife won't let me send back wedding RSVP cards.
174 te	1	I was sitting on the train this morning, and I saw a really sexy Thai girl I thought to myself, Please don't get an erection, please don't get an erection, but she did."
175 te	1	Cleaning out the garage, I found some things I didn't even realize I had. Like a tent, a new printer, and a fourth kid."
176 te	1	McDonald's french fries are not real food. Just found one under my car seat from two months ago and it looked perfect. Tasted fine, too."
177 te	1	How do you double the price of a Fiat? Fill the tank
178 te	0	I'll never forget the words of my late Grandfather... Sorry I'm late.
179 te	1	When are they going to drug test the audience of The Price Is Right.? No one should be that happy.
180 te	1	Daughter: Daddy, why do I have to go to bed so early? Me: Because we have had enough of you for today"
181 te	1	Stop leaving me messages. If I ever wanted to talk to you again, I wouldn't have borrowed all that money."
182 te	1	Calculus should be taught in every high school around the world. It is such an integral field of math.
183 te	0	I visited Amsterdam this summer, and decided to have sex with a prostitute. It was an overall positive experience. Sadly, it was an HIV positive experience."
184 te	1	I was licking this girl all over her face right up until she explained to me what doggy style was.
185 te	1	What did the snail say when he was riding on the back of the turtle? Weeeeeeeeee
186 te	1	You know what, we need a huge spoon to take care of this -Guy who invented shovels"
187 te	1	I like Tuesday simply because it is literally the furthest from next Monday I can possibly be.
188 te	1	Did you know that in any given group, only 9/10 of people understand basic math? The other 3% doesn't."
189 te	1	Pork is awesome, but it's best when used as a verb."